= Splendeo Generators

A collection of useful Rails generator scripts for scaffolding, layout files, authentication, and more.

This is a fork from Ryanb's nifty_generators (http://github.com/ryanb/nifty-generators). It extends it with 
the following features:

* Everything is translatable in a i18n-compliant way
* formtastic is used for forms
* blueprintcss is included by default

== Install

  gem install splendeo-generators


== Usage

Once you install the gem, the generators will be available to all Rails applications on your system. If you run script/generate without any additional arguments you should see the available generators listed.

To run the generator, go to your rails project directory and call it using the script/generate or script/destroy command.

  script/generate splendeo_scaffold Recipe name:string index new


== Included Generators

* splendeo_layout: generates generic layout, stylesheet, and helper files.
* splendeo_scaffold: generates a controller and optional model/migration.
* splendeo_config: generates a config YAML file and loader.
* splendeo_authentication: generates user model with sign up and log in.

To view the README for each generator, run it with the +--help+ option.

  script/generate splendeo_layout --help


== Troubleshooting and FAQs

<b>What is the difference between splendeo_scaffold and built-in scaffold?</b>

One of the primary differences is that splendeo_scaffold allows you to choose which controller actions to generate.

  script/generate splendeo_scaffold post name:string index new edit

There are a few changes to the generated code as well, such as no XML format by default.

It also offers support for HAML, Shoulda, and RSpec.

i18n + formtastic support make translations much easier.

Finally, blueprintcss is installed by default.


<b>I get "undefined method 'title'" error.</b>

Try running splendeo_layout, that will generate this helper method. Or you can just change the templates to whatever approach you prefer for setting the title.


<b>I can't set new attributes in my model.</b>

Add the attribute to the attr_accessible line in the model.


<b>I get "undefined method 'root_url'" error.</b>

Some generators default redirecting to the root_url. Set this in your routes.rb file like this (substituting your controller name).

  map.root :controller => 'foo'


<b>I get a missing database error.</b>

Run <tt>rake db:migrate</tt>.


<b>I get a routing error when I try to submit a form.</b>

Try restarting your development server. Sometimes it doesn't detect the change in the routing.


<b>The tests/specs don't work.</b>

Make sure you have mocha installed and require it in your spec/test helper.

  gem install mocha
  
  # in spec_helper.rb
  config.mock_with :mocha
  
  # in test_helper.rb
  require 'mocha'

Also, make sure you're using Rails 2.1 or greater.


== Found a bug?

If you are having a problem with Splendeo Generators, first look at the FAQs above. If you still cannot resolve it, please submit an issue here.

http://github.com/splendeo/splendeo-generators/issues


== Rails 3

Splendeo Generators does not work with Rails 3.
